updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16108)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/wcf/configuring-the-data-service-wcf-data-services.md

|<xref:System.Data.Services.DataServiceBehavior.AcceptProjectionRequests%2A>|Enables you to disable support for data projection in requests that are submitted to the data service by using the `$select` query option. For more information, see [OData: URI Conventions](https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/uri-conventions/).|  
|<xref:System.Data.Services.DataServiceConfiguration.EnableTypeAccess%2A>|Enables a data type to be exposed in the metadata for a dynamic metadata provider defined by using the <xref:System.Data.Services.Providers.IDataServiceMetadataProvider> interface.|  
|<xref:System.Data.Services.DataServiceConfiguration.EnableTypeConversion%2A>|Enables you to specify whether the data service runtime should convert the type that is contained in the payload to the actual property type that is specified in the request.|  
|<xref:System.Data.Services.DataServiceBehavior.InvokeInterceptorsOnLinkDelete%2A>|Enables you to specify whether or not registered change interceptors are invoked on the related entities when a relationship link between two entities is deleted.|  

> |<xref:System.Data.Services.DataServiceConfiguration.MaxBatchCount%2A>|Enables you to limit the number of change sets and query operations that are allowed in a single batch. For more information, see [OData: Batch](https://www.odata.org/developers/protocols/batch/) and [Batching Operations](batching-operations-wcf-data-services.md).|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<xref:System.Data.Services.DataServiceConfiguration.MaxBatchCount%2A>|Enables you to limit the number of change sets and query operations that are allowed in a single batch. For more information, see [OData: Batch](https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/batch-processing/) and [Batching Operations](batching-operations-wcf-data-services.md).|  
```
